# T03
<strong>Data Story</strong>
<br> Target Audiences and their interests
<ul>
  <li>Australian customer who wants to buy TV</li>
  <li>Prefer affordable, energy efficient and reliable brand</li>
  <li>Simple and straightforward visuals that could help them identify which is better for them</li>
</ul>
<br>Key questions we explore:
<ul>
  <li>Which type of TV screen is the most popular in Australia?</li>
  <li>What screen sizes are frequently bought by the Australian?</li>
  <li>Which brands offer the most choices of TV models?</li>
  <li>Which kind of screen technology uses the least power?</li>
  <li>Is the screen size going to impact the energy consumption?</li>
  <li>Do larger TV screen size gets higher star ratings?</li>
  <li>Are there differences in power consumption between brands?</li>
</ul>
<br><strong>About the data</strong>
<br> 1. Data Source: The dataset was obtained from the official Australian Goverment portal, https://data.gov.au/</a> under "Energy Rating Data for household appliances – Labelled Products". The dataset contains detailed information about the energy consumption of televisions sold in Australia.

<br> 2. Data processing: The dataset was processed using the KNIME analytics platform. Data cleaning involved removing irrelevant columns and handlign missing values using appropriate methods. Data transformation included converting screen size measurements from cm to inches.

<br> 3. Privacy: The dataset does not include any sensnitve or personal information. All the data within the dataset is only relevant for product. Therefore, there is no privacy concern.

<br> 4. Accuracy and Limitations: The data is obtained through the official government platform, it may not include the latest information. Additionally, the datatset focuses on televisions available ion Australia, so the findings cannot be generalized globally.

<br> 5. Ethics: The dataset is available as an open source. When using this data, it is important to ensure responsible use. Users must not upload, share, or distribute any material through the platform that is unlawful, defamatory, obscene, offensive, or scandalous. Content that promotes or encourages illegal activity is strictly prohibited.

<br><strong>AI Declaration</strong>
I have used AI tools such as GitHub Copilot and ChatGPT to help me generate code snippets for the intercative and creative website design. Some of the contents in the website also generated by GenAI tools.
